in this video I'll show you how to
download radio recordings directly to
your Android device so you can listen
whenever you like even when you don't
have an internet connection so first
you'll need to go to Dar fm this is a
free web service where you can record
radio shows and radio stations there's
more than 16,000 shows to choose from
once you select a show to record you can
click on the scheduled area this will
show you what future recordings are
going to happen and what shows have
already been recorded in this example
you see two shows lady brain and the
home fig show have already been
completed this means they're ready for
downloading to set that up on your
Android device click on the Settings
link in the upper right hand corner then
the downloading area here you'll see
your personal download URL each person's
is different you'll need to write this
down because we'll need to add this to
the Android software next go to your
Android device here you'll want to get
the software called dar car dar car
which is a free app from the market then
launch that app we'll need to set up our
subscriptions so hit the menu button and
then subscriptions
I'll click the menu one more time and do
ad this is where I'll type in my
personal download URL that we wrote down
earlier from the website once I've
entered in my personal download URL and
the site name dar I'll click done and
then save I'll click back because I want
to change some settings before I begin
using dark R I'll click menu and then
settings here
I can tell da our car to automatically
download my recordings I can set the
download time of day for example 2:00
a.m. or 2:00 p.m. I can tell to only use
Wi-Fi and I'm going to set the max
downloads to unlimited so select max
downloads and set it to unlimited now
I'm going to tell dar to download all of
my recordings right away so I'll click
back select menu and then download
recordings
here it will automatically check in with
Dar and look for any recordings that it
needs to download it found the lady
brain show and will start downloading it
as soon as it's downloaded part of my
shows I can immediately begin listening
so I'll click back to get to the play
area and then click the play button
you'll notice there's several handy
navigation tools there's of course a big
play pause button but also a 30-second
skip forward and a 30-second skip back
button that makes it handy to listen to
any radio this is how you download radio
to your Android device